Completed Analysis:
Scatterplots-- (each point represents 1 company)
Average Headcount vs Average Fill Rate (broken up by market and which quarter the company joined the platform) (slides 3-4)
Average Headcount vs Total Net Commissionable Revenue in 2023 (broken up by market and which quarter the company joined the platform) (slides 5-6)
Average Shift Lead Time vs Average Fill Rate (broken up by market and which quarter the company joined the platform) (slides 8-9)
Average Shift Lead Time vs Total Net Commissionable Revenue in 2023 (broken up by market and which quarter the company joined the platform) (slides 10-11)
Average Days Between Shifts vs Average Fill Rate (broken up by market) (slides 13-14)
Average Days Between Shifts vs Total Net Commissionable Revenue in 2023 (broken up by market)  (slides 15-16)

Correlation Mapping (searching for correlation between any and all of the following metrics)--
General Metrics: Average Headcount, Average Hourly Wage, Average Shift-Post Lead Time, Average Days Between Shifts, 2023 Net Commissionable Revenue, Fill Rate, Shifts Worked, Total Headcount Requested (also broken up by market and which quarter the company joined the platform) (slides 18-19)

Logistic Regression--
Scatterplot showing time since first shift vs time since most recent shift, color indicating the "good" group (i.e., companies that have joined in the last year and have had a shift very recently)
Current Analysis:
Correlation Mapping--
30 Day Effect: Fill Rate, Head Count Worked, Shifts Worked, Average Days Between Shifts, and Shift Lead Time as compared to the same metrics after the first 30 days (so we can conclude if the first 30 days set a pattern or not)

Scatterplots– (similar things on slides 21-23) 
Total Worked Shifts (days 31-365) vs Fill Rate (first 30 days) color coordinated by decile (which companies are in the top 10%, 20%, etc, of this year)
Total Worked Shifts (days 31-365) vs Total Worked (first 30 days) color coordinated by decile
Link to Interactive Tableau Report 
	Comments on filters for the above Tableau Report (particularly the two WS sheets):
	i. Days on Platform: toggle to change the range of when the companies joined the platform.
	ii. Decile Color Dropdown: pick which specific deciles to focus on. Remember that each of these deciles represent the number of worked shifts by company in the time period specified by the Selected Decile Dropdown.
	iii. Selected Decile Dropdown: this is where you pick the time period of worked shift decile you are interested in using to group the data by color.

Client Expansion and Contraction–
Filters by month, market, company name, sales rep, whether the client contracted or expanded in worked shifts that month, whether the client had worked shifts last month and currently has no worked shifts this month. 
Link to Tableau


Client/Shift Churn–
Not currently in the deck because the code maxes out the memory of the server, but once there’s a workaround, it will be included.
Potential Future Analysis:
(Suggestions welcome)
Identifying predictors of what might increase shifts posted per month.
